SoleVenture, Inc. (referred to as “SoleVenture,” “our,” or “we”) maintains privacy protections for its users and their personal information. This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy” or the “Policy”) is designed to help you understand how we collect, use, and protect the information you provide to us. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the term “Site” refers collectively to our website, which can be accessed at www.soleventure.com and via SoleVenture’s mobile application. It also refers to electronic mail and email automation, storage, and processing.

The “Services” refer to SoleVenture’s services currently accessed via the Site, which may include: setting up and accessing a user account; providing information to SoleVenture and its users regarding you, your business, and/or the services you provide and receiving similar information from SoleVenture; making and receiving professional referrals to or from SoleVenture; generating, administering, and tracking invoices; incorporating your business; calculating, tracking, and managing certain taxes; connecting to your designated bank accounts and/or credit card accounts to track and categorize business income and expenses; and referring you to third-party service providers for the purposes of learning about and accessing certain insurance products. SoleVenture will only use the information and content you provide to us to help you utilize the Services or as otherwise described in this Policy.

##### Your Consent to the Policy
By accessing our Site and using the Services, you accept this Privacy Policy. You consent and agree to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described. We ask that you please read this Privacy Policy carefully, and contact us at https://soleventure.com/contact or support@soleventure.com with your inquiries or questions regarding its content. You can also write to us at: SoleVenture, Attention: Operations, 740 4th Street N., #168, St. Petersburg, FL, 33701.

##### Policy Updates
This is a living document, and we will update it as SoleVenture’s processes change. We reserve the right to amend or change this Policy at any time. When these changes occur, they are effective immediately when posted to the Site. We will notify you of changes to the Policy by posting the changes on the Site with an updated Policy Effective Date and/or by notifying you via electronic mail. Please note that you are responsible for checking the Site for Policy updates each time you access the Site.

If a certain law requires your express consent to a specific amendment to this Policy, the amendment will not apply to your personal information until we receive your consent. Your decision not to consent may result in in limitations on our delivery of the Services.

##### The Information We Collect and How We Use It
In order to be able to provide the Services, SoleVenture collects and processes certain information from its users. The information we collect depends on how you are using the Services, but it can include any of the following: general identifying information you share with us when signing up and registering for a user account; personally identifying information (PII) shared by you in order to identify you as a potential user of certain Services (this may include, but is not limited to your name, address, email address, phone number, and other identifying information); information generated by you and/or shared by you via electronic mail or on the Site; information contained in the content you provide to or share with SoleVenture; and, information related to or regarding your Services usage. We only collect your PII when you voluntarily provide it to us. When you do provide SoleVenture with PII, it is safeguarded in accordance with the processes and security measures described in this Policy.

We collect information about how you are using SoleVenture and our Services, including but not limited to, the content you view or engage with, the Services you use, the actions you take, information you share or access, and how long you spend on the Site. We use the collected information to be able to provide and improve the Services, communicate effectively with you, personalize the features and information you receive, make recommendations to you, and to determine whether and how SoleVenture should expand its products and services. We may use information for the purposes described elsewhere in this Policy and internally for our general business purposes, including, to evaluate and offer our products and services and products and services of third parties that we think are relevant to your business, but only SoleVenture and its third-party service providers involved in providing the services will have access to your information. These third-party service providers will only be permitted to use the information for the express intended purpose.

When you use the Site, we may track and temporarily collect information provided to us by your browser or by our software application when you view or use the Services, such as the website you came from, the type of browser you use, the device from which you connected to the Service, the time and date of access, and other information that does not personally identify you. We may track this information using cookies, or small text files which include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies may be sent to a user’s browser to enable us to collect non-personal information about that user and keep a record of the user’s preferences when utilizing our services, both on an individual and aggregate basis. As an example, SoleVenture may use cookies to assist with verifying your account and determining when you are logged in, to help fight spam and phishing attacks, and to help provide you with relevant content and recommendations regarding the Services.

SoleVenture’s Site does not currently recognize and process “do not track” signals from different web browsers. For more information on “do not track,” please visit: http://www.allaboutdnt.org.

##### Sharing Information with Third Parties
SoleVenture works with a select number of third party service providers to be able to administer the Services, provide Services on our behalf, and to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. We have summarized our use of them below and provided you with links to their Terms of Use and Privacy Policies (where applicable) for your convenience. If you have questions about how we work with these third parties, please contact us at https://soleventure.com/contact or support@soleventure.com.

Please note that SoleVenture is not responsible for, and assumes no liability for, the privacy practices or policies of third-party websites which are linked through our Site. You should familiarize yourself with their policies to make sure you understand how your information may be used.

In order to be able to provide SoleVenture users with access to benefits, we partner with Kind Health Insurance Services, LLC (its Privacy Policy and Terms of Service can be found here ) and Sidecar Health Insurance Solutions, LLC (Privacy Policy and Terms of Service can be found here and here).

In order to able to provide SoleVenture users with invoicing and certain payment processing services, we partner with Stripe. Services provided through Stripe our subject to our Terms of Use as well as Stripe's Connected Account Agreement, Services Agreement, and Privacy Policy. As a condition of SoleVenture enabling payment processing services for you through Stripe, you agree to provide us with accurate and complete information about you and your business, and you authorize us to share this information and transaction information related to your use of the payment processing services provided by Stripe. You may not use Stripe in connection with any of the businesses on its Restricted Businesses List.

SoleVenture uses Google Analytics to understand and analyze visits to and traffic on its Site. Google Analytics collects information about your visits, any referral websites, the type of web browser and operating system you are currently using, and your network location and IP address. The information collected by Google Analytics is anonymous and aggregated, and SoleVenture reserves the right to use this information its lawful business purposes. Its Privacy Policy can be found here.

SoleVenture may also provide personal information and content to certain vendors and service providers for technical infrastructure services, security services, and analysis regarding how the Services are being used.

Please note that we may be required to comply with requests to disclose personal information pursuant to certain legal proceedings or governmental requests (e.g., in response to judicial proceedings, subpoenas, and for regulatory requirements). We will evaluate each request prior to furnishing any personal information and will provide only the information that we deem necessary to comply with such requests in good faith.

##### Security
SoleVenture uses commercially reasonable methods to help ensure that your information is secure, and we make updates to our processes on an ongoing basis. Please be sure to safeguard your login credentials and your password. Reset your password often and make sure to log off with each use. As a reminder, communication and activity on the internet has risks that we cannot eliminate. Therefore, we do not warrant or guarantee that breaches involving your information will not occur; however, our processes have been implemented to limit the compromise of your personal information. In the event we learn of a security breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate remedial steps. We may also post a notice on the SoleVenture website. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing

##### Data Integrity and Updating Your Information
We ask that you review your SoleVenture profile and user information periodically to ensure it is accurate and up-to-date. This can be done by signing in with your log-in credentials on the Site. You can also email updates to us, including requests to delete your user account, at support@soleventure.com. We may reach out to you periodically to confirm that the information we have on file is accurate.

We will retain your personal information as long as your account is active, and as may be otherwise needed to comply with business needs or legal/compliance obligations. Please note that if you request that your personal information be removed from SoleVenture’s databases, it may not be possible to completely delete all of it due to technological, legal, or contractual limitations.

##### Log-In Through Social Networks
You may have the option of signing up for SoleVenture or using its services through Facebook, Google, or other social networks. Logging in this way may allow SoleVenture to access certain public information related to your profile. When you sign in through one of these methods, you may be asked what information you would like to share. It is up to you what to share with us or whether anything at all from your social network profile is shared at all.

##### For California Residents Only
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how SoleVenture collects, uses and shares the personal information of California residents, as well as those individuals’ rights with respect to this information. As used in this section only, “Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), and it does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA. As a California resident, you have the rights set forth below, but please note that these rights are not absolute. There may be instances where we decline your request as allowed by applicable law.

You can request the following information about how SoleVenture has collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months: 1) categories of Personal Information that we have collected; 2) categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information; 3) the business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or selling Personal Information; 4) the categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information; 5) whether we disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient; and 6) whether we sold your Personal Information, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we collected during the past twelve months. You can also ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you. You are entitled to exercise the rights described in this section free from discrimination in the form of legally prohibited increases in the price or decreases in the quality of our Service.

You may exercise your California privacy rights described above and with respect to your right to information, access, and deletion by visiting https://soleventure.com/contact or emailing us at support@soleventure.com. SoleVenture reserves the right to confirm your California residence to process your request(s), and we will need to confirm your identity to process your request(s). As part of this process, government identification may be required. As allowed by California law, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, but in order to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide a valid power of attorney, the requester’s valid government-issued identification, and the authorized agent’s valid government issued identification.

##### Opting Out
Unless you opt out, you consent to SoleVenture contacting you regarding the Services and future products and services. If you want to opt out of communications regarding the Services and/or opt of receiving information regarding future products or services, please contact us at https://soleventure.com/contact or support@soleventure.com. You can also opt out of receiving our newsletters or other similar updates by contacting us through these methods or by following the opt-out instructions contained in those communications.

Thank you for being a part of the SoleVenture community!